I am currently working with Arkaive Inc. as a Full Stack Developer on their geolocation
based attendance management system. This has given me the opportunity to work on an
Symphony (i.e. an MVC framework) for PHP. The other technologies that I worked on
were MySql for the backend database system, JavaScript and HTML5.

Role: Creating new routes for athletes dashboard to show statistical information about
athletes, average attendance percentages weekly, daily and flagging of athletes with low
percentage of attendance in real time. Import functionality through CSV files was added
to automate the whole process of creating athlete accounts, courses with schedules and
teams they belong to. Database restructuring work had to be completed to enable adding
of new information for the athletics departments. Implementing data analytics
specifically for the Athletics Department.

Previously, I have worked as a Web Developer for Vian Technologies after my
undergraduate study where I was involved in developing a Web Application for a
surveillance software system in JavaScript, PHP and MySql.

Role: An end to end Web application as created for a People counting software. Modules
were written in JavaScript to draw and recognize the Region of Interest and other
configuration options were implemented FastCGI streams from IP cameras to enable live
video feed from all connected devices.

I am also working as a Teaching Assistant at USC currently for Mobile Application
Development class involving designing , prototyping and developing mobile applications.
I have also worked on Android SDK Mobile Applications for gesture based learning and
interactive quizzing.The app makes use of gesture recognition and matches alphabets
drawn on screen. Detailed understanding of XML layouts, usage of APIs, Android
activities and Application cycles/states.User Interface Design and SqLite to store and
manage data.

And I have also had the opportunity to work on iOS App called Nightlife where I worked
on Xcode in Objective C and Swift to help write modules to enhance the core
functionality and add various features to an existing iOS App.
